docs: tw700-sequencer-config-ref (#3529)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: docs/launch-arbitrum-chain/chain-config/sequencer/sequencer-config-reference.mdx

Both default to the string `default`, which disables them. Set them to an integer value in wei.

| Flag                              | Effect when expected surplus drops below it                                                                        |
| --------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `expected-surplus-soft-threshold` | Logs `expected surplus is below soft threshold` at `WARN`                                                          |
| `expected-surplus-hard-threshold` | Rejects new transactions with `currently not accepting transactions due to expected surplus being below threshold` |

Both are hot-reloadable, so you can change them without restarting.

Four behaviors matter more than the values you pick:

1. **Soft must be at or above hard.** The sequencer refuses to start with `expected-surplus-soft-threshold cannot be lower than expected-surplus-hard-threshold`. Setting only the hard threshold leaves soft at `default`, which is treated as `0` in the comparison—so any positive hard threshold fails this check. Set both together.

> 2. **Neither works without a parent chain reader.** Both are skipped when the sequencer has no parent chain reader configured, because the calculation needs parent chain headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Neither works without a parent chain reader.** The calculation needs parent chain headers. Enabling either threshold without a parent chain reader makes the sequencer fail to start with `expected surplus soft/hard thresholds are enabled but l1Reader is nil`.
```
